src/en_US/docs/dev/dev-spec.md, before:

# 开发规范

此开发规范为参考推荐规范。

此外，如果希望你的pr能够被尽快合并，请在每块逻辑语句区域处写下至少一行注释进行描述。

推荐参考：[Google Python 开发规范（中文）](https://zh-google-styleguide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/google-python-styleguide/contents.html)

## 键值命名&映射

在默认配置 `modules/configs/defaultSettings.py` 中，所有的键值都以 **大写字母，数字，EN下划线(_)** 命名

其中，映射表名称为 `<小写英文>2<小写英文>` 命名

在国际化配置 `DATA/i18n` 中，所有键值都以 **小写字母，数字，EN下划线(_)** 命名

## 文件命名

在webui页面编写 `gui/pages` 中，请以 `Setting_xxx.py` 命名，最好 `xxx` 以大写英语字母开头。

在逻辑编写 `modules/AllTask` 中，根据一级任务名称，创建以 `XxxXxx` 为名称的文件夹，已有则不用创建。一级任务则以同样的 `XxxXxx.py` 命名，与上级文件夹保持一致

## 关于混淆

BAAH是一个多人维护的开源项目，请注意不要以以下或其他方式混淆你的代码。
 - 不要使用无意义的文件名，变量名，键值
 - 不要过度依赖AI代码编写

## 逻辑文件模板

``` python
from DATA.assets.PageName import PageName
from DATA.assets.ButtonName import ButtonName
from DATA.assets.PopupName import PopupName

from modules.AllPage.Page import Page
from modules.AllTask.Task import Task

from modules.utils import click, swipe, match, page_pic, button_pic, popup_pic, sleep, ocr_area, config, screenshot, match_pixel, istr, CN, EN, JP
from modules.utils.log_utils import logging

class NameOfTask(Task):
    def __init__(self, name="NameOfTask") -> None:
        super().__init__(name)

     
    def pre_condition(self) -> bool:
        return super().pre_condition()
    
     
    def on_run(self) -> None:
        super().on_run()

     
    def post_condition(self) -> bool:
        return super().post_condition()
```

## 函数调用

若要在代码中调用用户配置文件，可以直接使用 `config.userconfigdict["KEY"]` 获取。

::: tip
根据规范，所有 `config.userconfigdict` 的键值全部使用大写字母，数字，EN下划线(_)命名
::: 

逻辑中，所有日志输出请使用 `logging` 类，有`logging.info` `logging.warn` `logging.error` `logging.debug` 4个级别，且搭配 `istr({CN: "日志", EN: "log"})` 实现国际化输出。

在webui编写中，使用 `config.get_text('key')` 获取国际化数据，使用 `config.userconfigdict["KEY"]` 获取用户配置文件。

::: warning
请使用istr实现多语言显示文字，避免进行字符串硬编码
:::

Commit message:

Docs: Translate dev spec to English

src/en_US/docs/dev/dev-spec.md, after:

# Development Specification

This development specification is a reference recommendation.

Additionally, if you want your PR to be merged as soon as possible, please write at least one line of comment to describe each logical statement block.

Recommended reference: [Google Python Style Guide (Chinese)](https://zh-google-styleguide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/google-python-styleguide/contents.html)

## Key Naming & Mapping

In the default configuration `modules/configs/defaultSettings.py`, all keys are named with **uppercase letters, numbers, and English underscores(_)**

The mapping table names follow the `<lowercase>2<lowercase>` naming convention

In the internationalization configuration `DATA/i18n`, all keys are named with **lowercase letters, numbers, and English underscores(_)**

## File Naming

When writing webui pages in `gui/pages`, please name them as `Setting_xxx.py`, where `xxx` preferably starts with an uppercase English letter.

When writing logic in `modules/AllTask`, create a folder named `XxxXxx` based on the primary task name (don't create if it already exists). The primary task should be named `XxxXxx.py`, consistent with the parent folder.

## Code Obfuscation

BAAH is a multi-person maintained open source project. Please avoid confusing your code in the following or other ways:
 - Don't use meaningless filenames, variable names, or keys
 - Don't over-rely on AI code generation

## Logic File Template

``` python
from DATA.assets.PageName import PageName
from DATA.assets.ButtonName import ButtonName
from DATA.assets.PopupName import PopupName

from modules.AllPage.Page import Page
from modules.AllTask.Task import Task

from modules.utils import click, swipe, match, page_pic, button_pic, popup_pic, sleep, ocr_area, config, screenshot, match_pixel, istr, CN, EN, JP
from modules.utils.log_utils import logging

class NameOfTask(Task):
    def __init__(self, name="NameOfTask") -> None:
        super().__init__(name)

     
    def pre_condition(self) -> bool:
        return super().pre_condition()
    
     
    def on_run(self) -> None:
        super().on_run()

     
    def post_condition(self) -> bool:
        return super().post_condition()

## Function Calls

To call user configuration in code, you can directly use `config.userconfigdict["KEY"]` to get the value.

::: tip
According to the specification, all keys in `config.userconfigdict` must use uppercase letters, numbers, and English underscores(_)
65  ::: 

For logging in logic, please use the `logging` class with four levels: `logging.info`, `logging.warn`, `logging.error`, and `logging.debug`, combined with `istr({CN: "日志", EN: "log"})` for internationalized output.

When writing webui, use `config.get_text('key')` to get internationalized data and `config.userconfigdict["KEY"]` to get user configuration.

::: warning
Please use `istr` for multilingual text display and avoid hardcoding strings
:::
